"It's really hard to not offend anyone these days."
And that was in 2009.
[CHUCKLES]
Welcome back to class, everyone,
where I'm gonna teach you how to...
[EVERYONE]
Act like we mean it.
That's right!
Now let's start with some warm-ups.
"Hi, I'm Alex Rimmer.
and if you want to be famous,
then you're gonna need me.
I know the ins and outs of
being a successful actor,
and with my help,
you'll be famous in no time."
12 years ago, I was the star of a documentary about
my illustrious career in teaching college theater.
And even though the internet gobbled it up,
I am living proof that fame
does not always equal fortune.
'Cause after all these years,
I'm still here, teaching
students how to look their best on camera.
At the Alex Rimmer Screen Acting Class,
I'll teach you your good angles,
your bad angles,
and what your typecast is.
What do you see when you look at this?
[STUDENTS]
Too tall.             Registered.
Boring.               Depressed!
My students love me.
[SUCKY STUDENT]
You're cheap and ugly,
and you are a fraud!
All right, hold.
Can anyone tell me why
that delivery sucked so much?
[SUCKY STUDENT]
I'm doing my best.
That's your opinion.
Guys, why does she suck?
[COSPLAYER]
Is this where the cosplay class is?
That's at 12 o'clock, Mr. Lipton.
I got this space for another 20 minutes.
[MR. LIPTON THE COSPLAYER]
But I was told Cosplay Club was here.
I need you to leave.
[MR. LIPTON THE COSPLAYER]
Augh, come on.
Get the [kucf] out.
[MR. LIPTON THE COSPLAYER]
Give me a break!
God damn it, get out!
[MR. LIPTON THE COSPLAYER]
To hell with you, I'm out of here.
Do I enjoy teaching people how to act?
I enjoy teaching people how to behave, and that's
all acting really is: it's just manufactured behavior.
All right, drop it in the Device Dungeon, kiddo.
My mom's in the hospital.
And you're about to join her.
It's so easy for Gen Z to get distracted,
so it's my job to keep 'em focused.
Keep reading, actors don't notice the critics.
Who is thou, sweetest—
[SUCKY STUDENT]
I think I know why I suck.
Why is that?
[SUCKY STUDENT]
Those people in the back, they've been watching us,
and I don't think they've paid for this class.
Hey freeloaders, you wanna
get the [kcuf] out now plea—
...whenever you feel like getting the [kcuf] out?...
Okay, everyone else, get the [kcuf] out now!
Get out.
Now, or I'll shoot up this whole God damn—
Thank you for your money.
Thank you for your time.
Which one could argue is considerably more
valuable these days, so let's make this fast.
My name is Victor Ball.
Holy [tihs].
Wait, the Victor B— as in—
Ball Pictures, yes.
It's the largest media empire in Hollywood.
You can't chop that with whipped cream.
[VICTOR BALL]
We're very rich.
[LILLIAN BALL]
And lucky you, we need your help.
[VICTOR BALL]
It's our son.
Daddy, I have fantastic news.
Son, we're in the middle of business.
I finished my movie,
and I'm ready for you to make it.
No, no, no— don't clap for that.
My son has very poor taste.
Make my movie, make my movie, make my movie!!!!
[LILLIAN BALL]
This movie is garbage.
[VICTOR BALL]
I know, dear.
[LILLIAN BALL]
Does he actually think we'll finance this?
What would that say about us?
[VICTOR BALL]
That we raised a lousy writer?
[LILLIAN BALL]
Well, we did.
[VICTOR BALL]
They were your eggs.
[LILLIAN BALL]
That was your semen!
[COMMERCIAL JINGLE]
[COMMERCIAL]
"Well, hey there, I can make
anything look good on camera."
[VICTOR BALL]
Then the idea came to me.
[COMMERCIAL]
"Now let's talk about my prices."
[VICTOR BALL]
Why would we pay for a whole production
when we could just pay for you?
[LILLIAN BALL]
We need you to make our son's movie.
Okay, but this script is– it's pure caca.
I mean, Netflix wouldn't touch this with a pole.
That's what we told him, and he just said to us...
BELOW TWO LINES ARE FOR NON ENGLISH SUBTITLES
YOU WOULDNT KNOW ART IF IT
[dekcuf]
BELOW TWO LINES ARE FOR NON ENGLISH SUBTITLES
YOU IN A PAINT STORE
I mean, what audience is this even for?
[PRESTON BALL]
It's for everyone!
[RIMMER]
Mr. Ball, no one in their
right mind would make this movie.
[PRESTON BALL]
And that's why you're going to.
[VICTOR BALL]
[LILLIAN BALL]
Haven't you been teaching long enough, Alex?
[MR. LIPTON THE COSPLAYER]
I'll do what I want and I'll be who I want!
Okay, uh, you know, let's take
this into my office. Let's go.
I mean, I'll need to find crew, sets, costumes.
You want me to pull all of this off without a budget?
You'll find a way. You can't afford
not to, your life's too shitty.
Mr. Ball, it's not that simple.
Find a way, then call us when you do.
Luckily, one of my former students
happens to be a movie director.
[Kcuf] him harder, god dammit!
I've been directing adult films,
basically, since the end of theater class.
I give my uncle more more than that! Harder!
[YELPS]
Too hard!
What can I say? I love cinema.
God damn it, who's gonna clean this up?
Look what you did to Dennis!
Do you think twinks grow on trees around he–
Um... yeah. Uh, take... five, everyone.
And that better be done
bleeding by the time I get back.
Jaime Bolton.
After all these years.
Wow.
You don't look like you've eaten since I've seen you.
You look like you have.
Homophobe.
Homosexual.
I need help.
This script is garbage.
I know, yeah.
But I've been wanting to direct
something with a bigger budget, so...
You said his parents are rich?
They– yeah, but I don't think
they're gonna pay much for this.
Well, I'm not directing this
shit unless you get me a budget.
A budget of what?
Money.
Damn it.
And you're gonna need a cast, which means you
need to find actors willing to say this dialogue.
[MASON]
And we're dophins, and we are dolphins.
We are being dolphins, people!
Felicity, have you ever seen a dolphin?
No?
[MASON]
...okay.
[RIMMER]
What the [kcuf], bruh? Like, our teacher
thinks this is gonna help us be actors?
[MASON]
Everyone, halt.
We have a student who didn't pay for this class.
[RIMMER]
Please, like you ever paid for any of mine!
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
I didn't mind it though. You know,
Mason was always my best student.
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
In fact, taking my class inspired
him to become a teacher himself.
[UNNAMED STUDENT]
Um, isn't that the guy the school
said to stay away from if we see him?
[RIMMER]
That doesn't even look like me.
Look, Mason, I need your help with something.
Of course. You're the whole reason I have this job.
I'd do anything for you.
Absolutely not, this script is [gnikcuf] garbage.
Mason, I just need a few actors.
So you came here to poach my students?
It's not my fault; college kids say yes
to everything. Isn't that right, guys?
If they're interested, let them read
the script and decide for themselves.
All right guys, what do you think?
OKAY, OKAY! I KNOW IT'S BAD!
NEVER BRING TEXT LIKE THAT ONTO THIS CAMPUS AGAIN!
Everybody spit on him!
Hey! Alex.
Oh, more trash!
What is– what the [kcuf] is this?
You remember Linda and Dean Shaft?
Those were their names.
Well, they're influencers now.
I'm Lindy!
And I'm Shafty!
BELOW LINES ARE FOR OTHER LANGUAGES
And we're just a couple of
college kids trying to get through life!
BELOW LINES ARE FOR OTHER LANGUAGES
I'm 26 years old!
My students showed me some of the content they create,
and by the looks of it, they'll do anything.
Well, they should be here any second now, so...
You know, fun fact:
they actually used to hate each other.
And now they're working with each other! How about—
WHAT THE [KCUF]!
That was good. Now, do it realistic.
That was real!
[SHAFT]
Yeah, real lackluster.
[LINDA]
No, it's perfect. Look!
[RIMMER]
Don't post that!
[LINDA]
It's done.
[SHAFT]
It's viral!
[RIMMER]
It's not even funny.
[STRANGER]
Hah! It's you!
There's no setup, there's no
context, it's all just punchline!
That's what people want now, dude.
There's no time for plot or narrative.
Well, that's stupid.
That's like having sex with just the orga—
Well, actually...
I need money.
So is that a yes?
You don't think we have money, do you?
Well, I do. You— Aren't you two
TikTokin' your way to the top?
I am TikTelling you that we are woke and broke.
Damn it.
But you know who does have money, right?
No. Absolutely not.
Karen.
Ratatata.
She's rich, and she's the only one of us who is.
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
You try sleeping knowing that
a goblin is your last resort.
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
And the more I tried denying it to myself...
(KAREN)
Mr. Rimmer, help!!!!
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
...the more she got under my skin.
(KAREN)
I had salmon for lunch.
Thank you all for being here tonight.
[JAIME]
You said you'd pay us to be here.
Not in writing.
Look, guys, I'm trying to get money from Karen.
[EVERYONE]
But she hates you.
Yes, I know that.
Thank you for that.
But she might listen to you guys,
which is why I'm asking you to—
[MASON]
Help you ask her for money?
Is that a crime, Mason?
[LINDA]
Well, what's in it for us, Mr. Rimmer?
Aww! You still call me "mister".
[LINDA]
Well, how else do you say your first name, dummy?
Yeah? Okay...
Look, I'll give you each a role in this movie,
and if Karen invests as much as I'm hoping she will,
you could all have a pretty penny in your pocket by Christmas.
[SHAFT]
I'm in! You had me at money.
Good. Now, I did a bit of a deep dive
on Karen's current situation.
Turns out she became a well-published
author with some bullshit bestseller
called "[Kcuf] Acting Teachers: Why
They Are Overpaid and Also Should Die".
She sold enough copies to
outright buy the god damn college—
[KAREN]
This is Karen Land, where no one is allowed.
Get the [kcuf] out! Go!
[RIMMER (V.O.)]
—as a way of reclaiming all of
her bad memories from that place.
[MASON]
Hold on. We know all this.
No, you d– wait, how?
[EVERYONE]
Google.
[Kcuf].
[JAIME]
Did you know she got married to Kaden?
What? No, wait, hold on, I need
to add this to the board!
[JAIME]
But it didn't last long. They hated each other.
Okay, wait, hold on, "they hated each other"...
[MASON]
And after she made her first million,
she said, "I'm leaving you, Kaden."
[MASON]
And he was like, "What?! But I
got a tattoo for you, bitch!"
[JAIME]
Then she was like, "Well, this pussy's
bouncing off to find a man with income."
[MASON]
She had him sent to prison for
assaulting her hand with his face.
[MASON]
She's more lethal now than ever before.
Are you sure you want to do this?
[JAIME]
Yeah, she is in a wheelchair because of you.
Still?
[MASON]
What part of "permanently
paralyzed" is confusing to you?
It's been 12 years, Mason.
She can call it a wheelchair, I call it a choice.
[LINDA]
That's offensive.
[JAIME]
One day, he's gonna open his
mouth and get himself shot.
[RIMMER]
No!
Well, it looks like this is the place.
[MASON]
What gave it away?
[LINDA]
It gives you chills, doesn't it?
[GOON]
Hello.
She's been expecting you.
[RIMMER]
There she is! How you doin', Kare Bear?
[KAREN]
Wow.
You brought the whole gang to me.
[LINDA]
Well, we all just missed you so much!
[JAIME]
Yeah, and we were just talking about how sorry
we are about laughing at you all the time,
[JAIME]
and your dead mom, and your weird feet, and
your bad acting, and your acne all the time,
[MASON]
Guys, are we getting locked in?
[KAREN]
I've been waiting for this
moment for 12 goddamn years.
[RIMMER]
I really hope you're acting right now, because
Karen, this is the performance of a lifetime.
[KAREN]
SHUT UP!
[SADISTIC CHUCKLE]
[KAREN]
I'm going to enjoy doing
[SHAFT]
Scatter!
[KAREN]
Son of a bitch.
[JAIME]
I [gnikcuf] called it, right?!
[KAREN]
Oh, [tihs].
[MORTICIAN]
Today we celebrate the life and legacy of Karen Shou,
with all of the friends and family she left behind.
[MORTICIAN]
May you rest in peace knowing you
were cremated at the Maribel Morgue,
[MORTICIAN]
where the service is so nice,
you'll wanna die twice.
[RIMMER]
Hi, excuse me. What happens to her money?
[MORTICIAN]
What?
[RIMMER]
Her fortune, dumbass. Where does it go?
[MORTICIAN]
You'll have to talk to a lawyer about that.
[LINDA]
UGH, then why the [kcuf] are we here?
[MORTICIAN]
I will go anywhere I'm paid.
[JAIME]
Then why don't you go to Hell!
[MORTICIAN]
Jesus!
[LAWYER]
Well, I hate to be a bad news-bearer, Mr. [Mir]job...
[RIMMER]
It's "Rimmer".
[LAWYER]
It looks like Karen liquidated all her assets
and spent everything she had on this college.
[SHAFT]
Well, I know what we gotta do.
We gotta burn this place down.
[EVERYONE]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
[LAWYER]
She did leave behind...
...this.
[MASON]
What the hell is that?
[LAWYER]
Beats me with a hammer.
All I know is, it can only be opened
with her husband's fingerprint.
Hey [elohssa], your dead wife left this behind
and I need your fingerprint to open it.
Bail me out and I'll open your box.
No deal.
I don't care how low your bail is set.
I will see to it that you rot in here
where you belong, you piece of sh—
All right, now open this.
I'm gonna need a ride to town first.
God damn you. Like I would be dumb enough
to let you alone in my car with me—
All right, now open this.
We're in the middle of nowhere, dick. I'm not touching
that thing until you at least drop me off downtown.
I wouldn't drop you off at a goddamn
Arby's 'til you open this thing.
Thank you.
It also came with this.
What's that?
[SCREAMS]
You piece of shit!
[KCUF]!
[MASON]
Well?
It was nothing.
[LINDA]
Well, it was worth a try.
I'm still willing to do this if you are, okay?
We don't need a big budget to make a movie.
We don't even need a little bit of money.
I mean, look at all the things
we did back when we were still broke.
[MASON]
But you're still broke.
Exactly, which is why I'm hoping you'll help me.
[RIMMER]
Well, it looks like I'm doing this on my own.
I don't have a budget, and I don't have a crew,
[RIMMER]
but I am determined to do whatever it
takes to make your son's movie happen.
[VICTOR BALL]
Good.
So when are you scheduled to arrive?
What?
[LILLIAN BALL]
Well, in Los Angeles, of course.
As executive producer, our son is gonna
want to keep a close eye on your production.
[VICTOR BALL]
I'll let you pitch any movie
you want to my company.
[VICTOR BALL]
Any story you want to make, any role you
want to play. It's yours, if you help my son.
[RIMMER]
What choice do I have?
I need this.
Well, I mean, I guess I can move some things
around in my schedule, but it's not gonna be easy.
[Tihs]!
[Gnikcuf]...
Too big!
Too big— you're too big!
I need a ride home.
You know I'm literally about to
drive to Los Angeles right now.
That's what I was hoping for.
RIMMER: But—
JAIME: I want to direct this movie.
[RIMMER]
Yeah, but you said you wouldn't direct
this movie unless I had a budget.
[JAIME]
I'm watching a man give the full circumference
of his hole to a movie that'll never fly.
[JAIME]
There's no budget that can
match that kind of desperation.
[RIMMER]
You really wanna put your faith in me.
[JAIME]
You remember our last day of class?
[RIMMER]
We never had a last day of class. The school
ran out of funds before the semester ended.
[JAIME (V.O.)]
But that didn't stop you from making sure
that we all spent one last day together.
(KADEN)
He's not coming.
(MASON)
Calm down, he'll be here.
(KAREN)
What makes you so sure?
(LINDA)
Hehe, you're in a wheelchair!
(KADEN)
Tough words from an old hag.
(LINDA)
If I'm such an old hag,
then how's it that I still fit in this
button-up that I wore when I was 9?
(RIMMER)
This is the last time I'll probably see these
people, so of course it has to be special.
[JAIME (V.O.)]
You didn't have to
see us again, but you wanted to,
[JAIME (V.O.)]
because we were more than a job,
(RIMMER)
Hey, how much to bang all of you?
Do I get a group discount?
[JAIME (V.O.)]
more than a class.
(RIMMER)
The ugly one can hold the camera!
[DATED LAUGH TRACK PLAYS FROM CELLPHONE]
[JAIME]
You believed in us when no one else would.
So now it's time to repay the favor, 'kay?
Slow, slow.
I'm going slow!
God damn it, you're gonna break MY CAR!
[RIMMER AND JAIME (singing)]
Going to LA, we're going to LA,
and I'm really excited, and nothing can stop us now!
[KADEN]
Make a sound and you're dead, bitch!
[RIMMER AND JAIME]
[KCUF]!!!!
[UNNAMED STUDENT #1]
I don't think he's coming, guys.
[SUCKY STUDENT]
You literally can't say that.
I paid a thousand dollars for this class.
[UNNAMED STUDENT #2]
How much did you pay for that?
[UNNAMED STUDENT #3]
A thousand dollars?
[SUCKY STUDENT]
A thousand dollars!
[UNNAMED STUDENT #4]
This was 50 bucks on Groupon.
[SUCKY STUDENT]
What?
What did you pay?
[UNNAMED STUDENT #5]
I just saw him coming in, so I came in.
CLASS ACTS: EPISODE ONE ("Lights! Camera! ALEX!") | A TV30 PRESENTATION | EN-US SUBTITLES
ORIGINAL SUBTITLES BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
PUNCTUATION AND TWEAKS BY ERYMANTHUS | U/RAYDEEUX (https://github.com/raydeeux)
QUESTIONS? CONCERNS? https://github.com/raydeeux/hotbananastud-fansubs
SUBTITLES EDITED USING VISUAL STUDIO CODE AND ZARCHIVER
SUBTITLES TESTED ON VLC MEDIA PLAYER FOR WINDOWS 10, MACOS SONOMA, AND ANDROID 13
ORIGINAL CHARCTERS BY BRANDON ROGERS (https://linktr.ee/brandonbored)
ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO RESPECTIVE OWNERS.
ORIGINAL VIDEO: https://youtube.com/embed/9DoIbGBf11E
THIS SUBTITLE FILE IS MADE AVAILABLE UNDER THE TERMS OF THE OPEN DATABASE LICENSE:
http://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/1.0/.
FOR A PLAIN LANGUAGE SUMMARY, SEE BELOW:
https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/odbl/summary/